feat(docs): Api examples (#438)
fetchai/docs: pages/apis/ai-engine/chat_api_example.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# AI-Engine Chat API guide

## Introduction

This guide offers details on utilizing the AI-engine's chat API to interact with deltaV. We will demonstrate a python script that interacts 
with deltaV via the chat API, handling session IDs, sending messages, managing responses, and processing user requests and selections.

## Prerequisites

- Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

    - Python version greater than 3.9 and less than 3.11.

>     - The requests library installed. You can install it using pip install requests.

Reviewer: pip install requests

>     - An API token (fauna) from Agentverse, which will be used for authentication.

Reviewer: How do we get this, link to the file that describes it.

- Steps to get API Token:

>     1. Login to agentverse.

Reviewer: agentverse should link to agentverse.ai

    2. Right click on chrome browser and select Inspect
    3. Go to the application tab and look for cookies.
    4. Select Agenverse.ai and select fauna cookie.

>     5. Copy the fauna’s value and this is your token key.

Reviewer: oh god @ejfitzgerald what is the solution to this?

## Script Break down

This script includes various functions for handling different API interactions. Below is a summary of the main functions and their 
respective purposes.

    1. Importing Required libraries:

    ```python
    # Importing Required libraries
    import re
    import requests
    import time
    import json
    ```

    These libraries are used to handle user regular expressions, HTTP requests, time delays and JSON responses.

    2. normalize_question function:

    ``` python
    # Define function to normalize questions asked by AI-engine

>     def normalize_question(question):

Reviewer: might be nice to have type here, so 

`def normalize_question(question : str):`

        # Convert to lowercase
        question_lower = question.lower()
        # Remove punctuation
        question_normalized = re.sub(r'[^\w\s]', '', question_lower)
        return question_normalized
    ```

>     This function converts questions from a JSON response, identified by the key 'text', into lowercase and removes any punctuation. 

Reviewer: Which function? the next one?

>     This function converts questions from a JSON response, identified by the key 'text', into lowercase and removes any punctuation. 

Reviewer: I can't see `.text` am i missing something? 😅

    It helps standardize user input for consistent processing.

    3. send_user_choice_as_uuid function:
    ```python
    # Define function to respond to subtask selection
    def send_user_choice_as_uuid(session_id, user_choice, token):
        data = {
            "payload": {
                "type": "user_json",
                "user_json": {
                    "type": "options",
                    "selection": [user_choice]
                },
                "session_id": session_id
            }
        }
        response = requests.post(f"https://agentverse.ai/v1beta1/engine/chat/sessions/{session_id}/submit", json=data, headers={"Authorization": token})
    ```

>     This function is designed to send user's choice back to AI-engine through Chat API, specially in case of user getting options from multiple

Reviewer: Would be great to add an action here such as: 

To understand the flow from Ab to B to C, click here ↗️

Reviewer: @FelixNicolaeBucsa

    subtask options as UUID. The function takes three parameters:

        - session_id - chat session Id on DeltaV.
        - user_choice - the choice of subtask user wants AI-Engine to use.
        - token - AI-Engine fauna token to connect DeltaV or AI-Engine.

    4. send_user_message function:

    ``` python
    # Define function to send message to AI-Engine
    def send_user_message(session_id, user_message, token):
        data = {
            "payload": {
                "type": "user_message",
                "user_message": user_message
            }
        }
        response = requests.post(f"https://agentverse.ai/v1beta1/engine/chat/sessions/{session_id}/submit", json=data, headers={"Authorization": token})
    ```

>     This function is designed to send a message from the user to the chat session. This is used to submit user input as part of the chat flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This function to sends a message from the user to the chat session. This is used to submit user input as part of the chat flow.
```

    The session_id and token parameters are same as 'Send_user_choice_as_uuid' function, 'user_message' is the message which user wants to send to 
    the ongoing chat session.

    5. is_uuid function:

    ``` python
    # Define function to check if option is uuid (Subtask Key)
    def is_uuid(key):
        # Function to check if a string is a valid UUID
        pattern = re.compile(r"^[0-9a-f]{8}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[1-4][0-9a-f]{3}-[89ab][0-9a-f]{3}-[0-9a-f]{12}$", re.IGNORECASE)
        return pattern.match(key)
    ```

>     This function checks whether the given key is in UUID (Universal Unique Identifier) format.The function uses a regular expression pattern to match the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `is_uuid` accepts a key argument, which then verified is the key given is in the correct UUID format. 
```

>     standard UUID format, which consists of 32 hexadecimal characters split into five groups separated by hyphens (8-4-4-4-12).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>     The function takes the 'key' parameter and returns match object if key is UUID else it returns None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    6. stop_session functions:
    ``` python
    # Define function to stop user session
    def stop_session(session_id, token):
        data = {
            "payload": {
                "type": "stop"
            }
        }
    response = requests.post(f"https://agentverse.ai/v1beta1/engine/chat/sessions/{session_id}/submit", json=data, headers={"Authorization": token})
    print("Session stopped:", response.json())
    ```

>     This function is designed to stop the ongoing deltaV chat session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `stop_session` posts a request to the chat api to stop the session passed.
```
